[doc] Add links to `pipectl init` from the pages of configuring ECS/K8s App (#4802)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/content/en/docs-dev/user-guide/managing-application/defining-app-configuration/ecs.md

If you're not familiar with ECS, you can get examples for those files from [here](../../../../examples/#ecs-applications).

> ## Easier configuration by `pipectl init`
> 
> You can generate an application config file easily and interactively by [`pipectl init`](../../command-line-tool.md#generating-an-application-config-apppipecdyaml).
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note:

You can generate an application config file quickly and interactively by [`pipectl init`](../../command-line-tool.md#generating-an-application-config-apppipecdyaml).

```

This should be a note, not a new session. wdyt?

Author: @khanhtc1202 
Thanks, I fixed all
